hello and welcome to kinetic rock and
scroll demo the purpose of this video is
to demonstrate tonight o'clock and
scroll features prior to the data 10
release after installing application can
be found in your applications folder
when application first comes up the
certain settings are displayed including
accelerometer polling game mode potion
pool screen orientation and
notifications throughout this video I'll
try to cover all these features and how
they apply to motion input top more
simple solution and rotten scroll the
default mode of operation is flick
action the mode applies to portrait
orientation so in this orientation I'd
have to flick my hand like so to control
the highlight and notice a certain of
force is applied to control the cursor
if I just simply tilt the device from
side to side nothing is going to happen
because in this mode of operation we're
looking for a certain force so with that
in mind let's take a look at the music
player use case scenario i flick my hand
to the left with select music player
then I just push the device down to make
the selection once again I can till the
left and right up and down to go around
menus in this case I just up and down
and then once the desired option
selected I can just to push commend to
make the selection and I can do a pool
command by moving the device towards me
to get back up one level XO but let's
take a look at actually how you select
songs in the music player now right now
you're presented with a list of songs
and you can flip through
one at a time extra which is not really
convenient especially if you have a long
song list so you can do is you can
rotate the device horizontally and thus
automatically switch to a different mode
of operation we call this the game mode
game mode is sensitive to tilt commands
and not necessarily the motion so by
tilting the device I can scroll up and
down like so and I want when I want to
stop the tilt I would just return it
return the device to the home zone and
the home zone is set by when you change
the device orientation so this was the
if let's say right now I'm holding the
device at a 45 degree angle and I were
to change the orientation this angle
this 45 degree angle would be my home
zone so if I told the device down you
will scroll if I return it back it will
stop and the same goes for the tilt up
so I'm actually exact the same concept
here of push and pull you can prove to
set up a song and I'm pull together on
it and with a song playing and of course
change the orientation of device once
again so let's take a look at another
application that uses exactly the same
concepts as the music player I will
click my hand from left to right to
select different pictures I could also
just change the orientation and scroll
continuously I can call back I can
actually use the push command to select
the picture like so and continue flip
you through pictures by flicking my
wrist what I'm done only have to do is
just pull up
to get out and pull up again you have
previously seen two different modes of
operation one relies on flaking and the
other relies on tilt but how would you
switch the modes of operation without
actually rotating the device well we've
implemented and that way so you can use
the pen key to toggle between different
modes so right now I switch to tilt mode
while in the portrait orientation and by
pressing the band key again I will
toggle the moment back to flick action
and here's how you can play the game
can rotate the screen and you can do a
plane and rotate